---
title: ASSET Research Postdoctors
layout: post
shortnews: true
icon: newspaper-o
date: 2019-08-09
---
<p style="text-align:justify">
<font color="red"><b>NEW:</b></font>
Several post-doctoral positions open in all software security projects. Background in any of the following areas are welcome to apply: 
<i>Software Security</i>, <i>Software Verification and Testing</i>, <i>Embedded Systems</i>, <i>Machine Learning</i>, <i>Formal Methods</i>, 
<i>Wireless Network</i>. Take a look at our projects and publications for details and contact me directly with your CV if interested.  
</p>

<p style="text-align:justify">
<font color="red"><b>NEW:</b></font>
<font color="blue"><b>(This position is filled up)</b></font>
One research assistant position (Bachelor or Masters degree holder) is open for the IoT Wireless Security project. Candidates with 
interest in any of the areas are welcome to apply: <i>Networking</i>, <i>Systems Security</i> and Software Engineering. Strong programming 
skills are expected. Contact me directly with your CV. 


<p style="text-align:justify">
<font color="red"><b>NEW:</b></font>
We are looking for two PhD students to work on Safety and Security for Artificial Intelligence and Machine
Learning. 
The student must hold a Singapore Citizenship 
or Permanent Residency. The position offers attractive scholarship and a collaboration with Industry Partner
<a href="http://www.oneconnectft.com.sg" target="_blank"> OneConnect Financial</a>.
<br>
For details about the scholarship and the offer, 
interested candidates can email  <a href="
mailto:sudipta_chattopadhyay@sutd.edu.sg" target="
_blank"> Sudipta Chattopadhyay</a>  with your résumé 
with the subject "PhD AI/ML Security position".

<br>
<br>
We look forward to your applications!!

</p> 
